Action for update submodule and create PR (#5)
tarantool/actions: update-submodule/README.md

# GitHub Action: Creates Pull Request when Submodules are Updated

> This GitHub action creates a new branch and pull request against the parent repository when submodules are updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action updates a submodule of the parent repository in
a feature branch and opens a pull request against the main branch.
```

```yml

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: ok, done

---
name: Submodule update

on:
  push:
    branches: 
    - master
    - main
    - "2.10"

jobs:
  build:
    name: Submodule update
    runs-on: docker
    env:
      PARENT_REPOSITORY: 'org/repo'
      CHECKOUT_BRANCH: 'main'
      PR_AGAINST_BRANCH: 'main'

>       PARENT_UPDATED_BRANCH: 'branch-for-update-'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      PARENT_UPDATED_BRANCH: 'update-submodule-name'
```

Author: It is only example. Doesn't matter how shown in readme.

>       TEXT_PULL_REQUEST: 'Submodule updated time for renew'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      PULL_REQUEST_TEXT: 'Update submodule <name> on branch <checkout branch>'
```

      OWNER: 'owner'
      BRANCH_NAME: ${{ github.head_ref || github.ref_name }} 

    steps:
      - name: Checkout Code
        uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: run action
        id: run_action
        uses: tarantool/action/update-submodule@master
        with:

>           github_token: ${{ secrets.RELEASE_HUB_SECRET }}

Reviewer: what's that?

Author: It is token with permission to push branch and create pr.

Author: I added explanation

# GitHub Action: Creates Pull Request when Submodules are Updated

This action updates a submodule of the parent repository in a feature branch and opens a pull request against the main branch.

> ## Notice
>  - This action doesn't create another PR for all merges, commits for on branch, all updates in one PR
>  - Name of commit and title and body of PR have same text and can be set by variable TEXT_PULL_REQUEST
>  - variable owner can be set as organization
>  - branch name for updating can be set in variable PARENT_BRANCH_FOR_BRANCH
>  - parrent repoitory can be set by secret - ***PARENT_REPOSITORY: '${{ secret.PARENT_REPO }}***
>  - variable PARENT_REPO_TOKEN is token with permisson to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Variables

- `PARENT_REPOSITORY` 
- `OWNER`
- `CHECKOUT_BRANCH`
- `PR_AGAINST_BRANCH`
- `PARENT_BRANCH_FOR_UPDATE`
- `PULL_REQUEST_TEXT`

## Usage

- If there is an open PR already, the action will just update and force-push the branch.
- Commit message, PR title, and PR body have the same text, provided in the `PULL_REQUEST_TEXT` variable.
- Variable `OWNER` can 
 - This action doesn't create another PR for all merges, commits for on branch, all updates in one PR.
 - Name of commit and title and body of PR have same text and can be set by variable TEXT_PULL_REQUEST
 - variable owner can be set as organization
 - branch name for updating can be set in variable PARENT_BRANCH_FOR_BRANCH
 - parrent repoitory can be set by secret - ***PARENT_REPOSITORY: '${{ secret.PARENT_REPO }}***
 - variable PARENT_REPO_TOKEN is token with permisson to
```

Example workflow:

```yml
---
name: Submodule update

on:
  push:
    branches: 
    - master
    - main

jobs:
  build:
    name: Submodule update
    runs-on: docker
    env:
      PARENT_REPOSITORY: 'org/repo'
      CHECKOUT_BRANCH: 'main'
      PR_AGAINST_BRANCH: 'main'
      PARENT_BRANCH_FOR_UPDATE: 'branch-for-update'
      PULL_REQUEST_TEXT: 'Update submodule <name> on branch <checkout branch>'
      OWNER: 'owner'

    steps:
      - name: Checkout Code
        uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: run action
        id: run_action
        uses: tarantool/actions/update-submodule@master
        with:
          github_token: ${{ secrets.PARENT_REPO_TOKEN }}
          parent_repository: ${{ env.PARENT_REPOSITORY }}
          checkout_branch: ${{ env.CHECKOUT_BRANCH }}
          pr_against_branch: ${{ env.PR_AGAINST_BRANCH }}
          parent_branch_for_update: ${{ env.PARENT_BRANCH_FOR_UPDATE }}
          pull_request_text: ${{ env.PULL_REQUEST_TEXT }}
          owner: ${{ env.OWNER }}
          branch: ${{ github.head_ref || github.ref_name }}
          current_repo: "${{ github.repository }}"

> 

Reviewer 2: Please remove this empty line.

Example workflow:

```yml
---
name: Submodule update

on:
  push:
    branches: 
    - master
    - main

jobs:
  build:
    name: Submodule update
    runs-on: docker
    env:
      PARENT_REPOSITORY: 'org/repo'
      CHECKOUT_BRANCH: 'main'
      PR_AGAINST_BRANCH: 'main'
      PARENT_BRANCH_FOR_UPDATE: 'branch-for-update'
      PULL_REQUEST_TEXT: 'Update submodule <name> on branch <checkout branch>'
      OWNER: 'owner'

    steps:
      - name: Checkout Code
        uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: run action
        id: run_action
        uses: tarantool/actions/update-submodule@master
        with:
          github_token: ${{ secrets.PARENT_REPO_TOKEN }}
          parent_repository: ${{ env.PARENT_REPOSITORY }}
          checkout_branch: ${{ env.CHECKOUT_BRANCH }}
          pr_against_branch: ${{ env.PR_AGAINST_BRANCH }}
          parent_branch_for_update: ${{ env.PARENT_BRANCH_FOR_UPDATE }}
          pull_request_text: ${{ env.PULL_REQUEST_TEXT }}
          owner: ${{ env.OWNER }}
          branch: ${{ github.head_ref || github.ref_name }}
          current_repo: "${{ github.repository }}"

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
